#EXTM3U

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/kJxXRpd/Azteca-Uno.png" group-title="México",Azteca Uno
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=27&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/Kr4GJwJ/Las-Estrellas.png" group-title="México",Las Estrellas
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=17&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/LkZDcXG/Imagen-TV.png" group-title="México",Imagen Television
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=2298&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/H2WdQsF/ForoTV.png" group-title="México",ForoTV
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=19&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/h7h2HYg/Canal-5.png" group-title="México",Canal 5
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=20&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/vxZgT8t/Canal-6.png" group-title="México",Multimedios Television
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=1253&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/LZhPCps/Azteca-7.png" group-title="México",Azteca 7
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=21&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/5BGBpQr/MVS-TV.png" group-title="México",MVS Television
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=2149&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/q5Sg3jx/Nu9ve.png" group-title="México",Nu9ve
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=24&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/CMYBVRf/AMAS.png" group-title="México",Amas
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=2316&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/27Z4Q0M/Canal-Once.png" group-title="México",Canal Once
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=25&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/qDZQhtc/Imagen-Multicast.png" group-title="México",Imagen Multicast
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=1449&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/KqY1N8Q/Mexiquense-TV.png" group-title="México",Mexiquense TV
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=44&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/6y5qjB4/adn40.png" group-title="México",Adn 40
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=40&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/kJxXRpd/Azteca-Uno.png" group-title="México",Azteca Uno -2Hrs
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=1870&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/Kr4GJwJ/Las-Estrellas.png" group-title="México",Las Estrellas -2Hrs
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=1888&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/h7h2HYg/Canal-5.png" group-title="México",Canal 5 -1Hrs Chihuahua XHJUB
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=2234&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/h7h2HYg/Canal-5.png" group-title="México",Canal 5 -2Hrs
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=1889&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/L9xN0MB/Clic.png" group-title="México",Clic
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=223&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/ydKjRGJ/Corazon.png" group-title="México",Corazon
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=70&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/pK36XRY/Mundo.png" group-title="México",Mundo
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=84&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/bBTXG5N/Cinema.png" group-title="México",Cinema
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=1787&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/bsj8MH8/Mega-Noticias-MX.png" group-title="México",MegaNoticias MX
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=2156&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/tJfJ0P7/Milenio-TV.png" group-title="México",Milenio TV HD
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=1250&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/Pt4TJ3D/Teleformula.png" group-title="México",Teleformula
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=32&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/DM4fxGB/Star-Channel.png" group-title="Entretenimiento",Star Channel
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=46&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/DM4fxGB/Star-Channel.png" group-title="Entretenimiento",Star Channel Sur
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/423

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/DM4fxGB/Star-Channel.png" group-title="Entretenimiento",Star Channel Sur Argentina
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/2432

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/ZcfRT0G/Sony-Channel.png" group-title="Entretenimiento",Sony Channel
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=48&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/ZcfRT0G/Sony-Channel.png" group-title="Entretenimiento",Sony Channel Sur FHD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/401

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/ZY90v33/Unicable.png" group-title="Entretenimiento",Unicable
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=1499&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/C01L2BB/Warner-Channel.png" group-title="Entretenimiento",Warner Channel
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=52&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/C01L2BB/Warner-Channel.png" group-title="Entretenimiento",Warner Channel Sur FHD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/402

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/KVC50vC/E.png" group-title="Entretenimiento",E!
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=55&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/KVC50vC/E.png" group-title="Entretenimiento",E! Sur FHD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/424

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/L0T9KG7/FX.png" group-title="Entretenimiento",FX
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=60&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/w720rvL/Universal-TV.png" group-title="Entretenimiento",Universal Tv
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=57&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/pPcG25q/SyFy.png" group-title="Entretenimiento",SyFy
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=59&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/pPcG25q/SyFy.png" group-title="Entretenimiento",SyFy HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/425

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/j5JTGbf/Discovery-ID.png" group-title="Entretenimiento",Discovery ID
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=2376&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/j5JTGbf/Discovery-ID.png" group-title="Entretenimiento",Discovery ID HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/2117

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/j5JTGbf/Discovery-ID.png" group-title="Entretenimiento",Discovery ID FHD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1820

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/j5JTGbf/Discovery-ID.png" group-title="Entretenimiento",Discovery ID Sur FHD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/418

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/6tpD4ML/TLC-Discovery.png" group-title="Entretenimiento",TLC Discovery
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=2380&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/bKZkK2w/A-amp-E.png" group-title="Entretenimiento",A&E
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=62&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/bKZkK2w/A-amp-E.png" group-title="Entretenimiento",A&E Sur
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1743

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/bKZkK2w/A-amp-E.png" group-title="Entretenimiento",A&E Sur Argentina
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/406

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/PWWtpBX/AXN.png" group-title="Entretenimiento",AXN
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=64&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/PWWtpBX/AXN.png" group-title="Entretenimiento",AXN Sur FHD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1745

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/R9kzx2K/Telemundo-Internacional.png" group-title="Entretenimiento",Telemundo Internacional FHD
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=85&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/Y8jvt2s/BitMe.png" group-title="Entretenimiento",bitMe FHD
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=2591&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/wR3GZfk/Discovery-home-and-health.png" group-title="Entretenimiento",h&h Discovery
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=96&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/wR3GZfk/Discovery-home-and-health.png" group-title="Entretenimiento",h&h Discovery HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1821

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/wR3GZfk/Discovery-home-and-health.png" group-title="Entretenimiento",h&h Discovery Sur FHD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/337

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/pWHwHF2/Hola-TV.jpg" group-title="Entretenimiento",HOLA TV
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=1734&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/1nKN7Rt/Tlnovelas.png" group-title="Entretenimiento",TlNovelas
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=83&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/HBmqnvf/TNT-Series.png" group-title="Entretenimiento",TNT Series
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=71&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/HB2BgQh/H2.png" group-title="Entretenimiento",H2 HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/2411

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/y0R6fC5/El-Gourmet.png" group-title="Entretenimiento",El Gourmet
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=74&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/pQbx4ch/MasChic.png" group-title="Entretenimiento",MasChic
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=1842&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/tptVWGP/TBS.png" group-title="Entretenimiento",TBS
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=81&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/9G9tmw2/Glitz.png" group-title="Entretenimiento",Glitz
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=76&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/GkNYwDG/Star-Life.png" group-title="Entretenimiento",Star Life
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=77&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/Bys1BnC/Distrito-Comedia.png" group-title="Entretenimiento",Distrito Comedia
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=78&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/Bys1BnC/Distrito-Comedia.png" group-title="Entretenimiento",Distrito Comedia HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/430

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/7JXdTcY/Comedy-Central.png" group-title="Entretenimiento",Comedy Central
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=340&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/7JXdTcY/Comedy-Central.png" group-title="Entretenimiento",Comedy Central FHD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/411

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/7JXdTcY/Comedy-Central.png" group-title="Entretenimiento",Comedy Central FHD
http://l3d.us:8080/EEUUFUTBOL1234/XkyGvu8hCE/10552

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/7JXdTcY/Comedy-Central.png" group-title="Entretenimiento",Comedy Central Sur
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/2368

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/TPTNvYb/TruTV.png" group-title="Entretenimiento",TruTv
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=79&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/TPTNvYb/TruTV.png" group-title="Entretenimiento",TruTv FHD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/2192

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/gmk4GHQ/Discovery-Channel.png" group-title="Cultura",Discovery Channel
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=86&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/gmk4GHQ/Discovery-Channel.png" group-title="Cultura",Discovery Channel HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/336

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/gmk4GHQ/Discovery-Channel.png" group-title="Cultura",Discovery Channel FHD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/447

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/9ymf0C1/Discovery-Turbo.png" group-title="Cultura",Discovery Turbo
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=2379&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/9ymf0C1/Discovery-Turbo.png" group-title="Cultura",Discovery Turbo HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/420

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/c8y7cRL/Animal-Planet.png" group-title="Cultura",Animal Planet
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=2378&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/c8y7cRL/Animal-Planet.png" group-title="Cultura",Animal Planet Sur HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/419

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/g79QmLw/History.png" group-title="Cultura",History Channel
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=89&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/g79QmLw/History.png" group-title="Cultura",History Channel HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/346

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/g79QmLw/History.png" group-title="Cultura",History Channel Sur HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/445

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/LSpC5H0/Natgeo.png" group-title="Cultura",Natgeo
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=91&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/LSpC5H0/Natgeo.png" group-title="Cultura",Natgeo FHD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1834

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/jDb9Cbc/Lifetime.png" group-title="Cultura",Lifetime
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=94&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/jDb9Cbc/Lifetime.png" group-title="Cultura",Lifetime Argentina
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/450

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/ZYXtDwM/Discovery-Theater.png" group-title="Cultura",Discovery Theater
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=95&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/8B26Tv3/Natgeo-Wild.png" group-title="Cultura",NatGeo Wild
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=92&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/8B26Tv3/Natgeo-Wild.png" group-title="Cultura",NatGeo Wild
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/2422

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/8B26Tv3/Natgeo-Wild.png" group-title="Cultura",NatGeo Wild HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/476

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/Tk9GTWF/Discovery-Science.png" group-title="Cultura",Discovery Science
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=98&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/Tk9GTWF/Discovery-Science.png" group-title="Cultura",Discovery Science HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/2375

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/L6T5hBy/HGTV.png" group-title="Cultura",HGTV HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1831

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/2Y49zxb/Discovery-World.png" group-title="Cultura",Discovery World
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=101&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/2Y49zxb/Discovery-World.png" group-title="Cultura",Discovery World HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/340

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/2Y49zxb/Discovery-World.png" group-title="Cultura",Discovery World FHD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1829

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/nmSbNSM/Discovery-Kids.png" group-title="Infantil",Discovery Kids
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=109&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/nmSbNSM/Discovery-Kids.png" group-title="Infantil",Discovery Kids Sur FHD
http://latvonlive.com:33612/live/Doris/Doris123/622.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/nmSbNSM/Discovery-Kids.png" group-title="Infantil",Discovery Kids Argentina
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/2373

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/BnNwY2J/Nick.png" group-title="Infantil",Nick
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=331&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/BnNwY2J/Nick.png" group-title="Infantil",Nick Sur
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/2126

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/hXS2pmS/Disney-XD.png" group-title="Infantil",Disney XD
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=111&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/hXS2pmS/Disney-XD.png" group-title="Infantil",Disney XD HD
http://latvonlive.com:33612/live/Doris/Doris123/496.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/hXS2pmS/Disney-XD.png" group-title="Infantil",Disney XD Argentina
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/440

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/hXgdLpK/Cartoon-Network.png" group-title="Infantil",Cartoon Network
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=112&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/hXgdLpK/Cartoon-Network.png" group-title="Infantil",Cartoon Network Sur HD
http://latvonlive.com:33612/live/Doris/Doris123/39.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/6vvB5g3/Disney-Channel.png" group-title="Infantil",Disney Channel
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=113&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/6vvB5g3/Disney-Channel.png" group-title="Infantil",Disney Channel Sur FHD
http://latvonlive.com:33612/live/Doris/Doris123/636.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/JktZywY/Boomerang.png" group-title="Infantil",Boomerang
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=115&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/JktZywY/Boomerang.png" group-title="Infantil",Boomerang HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/441

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/JktZywY/Boomerang.png" group-title="Infantil",Boomerang Sur FHD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/349

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/02L7nPb/BabyTV.png" group-title="Infantil",Baby Tv
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=116&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/c3WtgZx/Nick-Jr.png" group-title="Infantil",Nick Jr
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=117&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/c3WtgZx/Nick-Jr.png" group-title="Infantil",Nick Jr
http://latvonlive.com:33612/live/Doris/Doris123/587.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/GWrqVby/Baby-First.png" group-title="Infantil",Baby First
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=1984&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/D4HRckh/Disney-Junior.png" group-title="Infantil",Disney Junior
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=118&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/D4HRckh/Disney-Junior.png" group-title="Infantil",Disney Junior Sur
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/435

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/ZKKkMhW/Nat-Geo-Kids.png" group-title="Infantil",NatGeo Kids
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=2373&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/M8HrcVT/Tooncast.png" group-title="Infantil",Tooncast
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=108&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/M8HrcVT/Tooncast.png" group-title="Infantil",Tooncast
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/376

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/Wk7bknc/Nick-Music.png" group-title="Infantil",Nick Music
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=1708&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/vj05Qb4/Teen-Nick.png" group-title="Infantil",TeenNick
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=2147&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/vj05Qb4/Teen-Nick.png" group-title="Infantil",TeenNick FHD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/365

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://static.etc.cl/_common/images/logoetc_2015.png" group-title="Infantil",ETC TV HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1613

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/qkJRFt3/Locomotion.png"group-title="Infantil",Locomotion
http://l3d.us:8080/EEUUFUTBOL1234/XkyGvu8hCE/26705

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/kH9B0Hz/AZTV.png"group-title="Infantil",AZTV
http://azxtv.com/hls/stream.m3u8?PlaylistM3UCL

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/XDcJD4V/De-Pelicula.png" group-title="Cine",de pelicula
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=335&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1,de pelicula Clásico
http://l3d.us:8080/EEUUFUTBOL1234/XkyGvu8hCE/201864

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/cgfn6KQ/De-Pelicula-Plus.png" group-title="Cine",dp Plus
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=121&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/cgfn6KQ/De-Pelicula-Plus.png" group-title="Cine",dp Plus HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/443

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/xj7kQ5z/Golden.png" group-title="Cine",Golden
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=123&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/09X39Hg/Golden-Plus.png" group-title="Cine",Golden Plus
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=122&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/09X39Hg/Golden-Plus.png" group-title="Cine",Golden Plus HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/378

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/vwwBRpV/Golden-Edge.png" group-title="Cine",Golden Edge
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=124&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/vwwBRpV/Golden-Edge.png" group-title="Cine",Golden Edge HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1789

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/x52nNFr/Paramount-Network.png" group-title="Cine",Paramount Network
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=1726&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/x52nNFr/Paramount-Network.png" group-title="Cine",Paramount Network FHD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1756

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/5nkg2xs/TNT.png" group-title="Cine",TNT
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=126&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/5nkg2xs/TNT.png" group-title="Cine",TNT Sur FHD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/2190

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/5nkg2xs/TNT.png" group-title="Cine",TNT Argentina
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/459

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/LYqRG8j/Cine-Canal.png" group-title="Cine",CineCanal
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=149&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/LYqRG8j/Cine-Canal.png" group-title="Cine",CineCanal Sur FHD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/458

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/LYqRG8j/Cine-Canal.png" group-title="Cine",CineCanal Argentina
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1751

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/LJXNzmX/Cinemax.png" group-title="Cine",Cinemax
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=158&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/LJXNzmX/Cinemax.png" group-title="Cine",Cinemax Sur
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/2083

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/CBSGJtb/Space.png" group-title="Cine",Space
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=129&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/CBSGJtb/Space.png" group-title="Cine",Space Sur HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/369

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/CBSGJtb/Space.png" group-title="Cine",Space Argentina HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/479

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/Nyy8bKZ/AMC.png" group-title="Cine",AMC
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=131&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/Nyy8bKZ/AMC.png" group-title="Cine",AMC Sur HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/461

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/sFK3wNB/Studio-Universal.png" group-title="Cine",Studio Universal
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=132&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/sFK3wNB/Studio-Universal.png" group-title="Cine",Studio Universal HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1760

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/WWGFCK4/TCM.png" group-title="Cine",TCM
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=128&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/bHtZLCc/ISAT.png" group-title="Cine",ISat
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=135&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/gTCKBcz/Europa.png" group-title="Cine",Europa europa
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=136&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/s6pcFPF/Film-Arts.png" group-title="Cine",Film&Arts
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=137&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/s6pcFPF/Film-Arts.png" group-title="Cine",Film&Arts Sur HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/392

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/dLHW7Y4/FXM.png" group-title="Cine",FXM
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=138&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/dLHW7Y4/FXM.png" group-title="Cine",FXM HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1757

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/dLHW7Y4/FXM.png" group-title="Cine",FXM FHD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/460

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/yBkTJWF/DHE.png" group-title="Cine",DHE FHD
http://l3d.us:8080/EEUUFUTBOL1234/XkyGvu8hCE/154097

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/yBkTJWF/DHE.png" group-title="Cine",DHE FHD
http://l3d.us:8080/EEUUFUTBOL1234/XkyGvu8hCE/153478

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/YZypqTz/Cine-Latino.png" group-title="Cine",Cine Latino
http://l3d.us:8080/EEUUFUTBOL1234/XkyGvu8hCE/10843

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/YZypqTz/Cine-Latino.png" group-title="Cine",Cine Latino
http://l3d.us:8080/EEUUFUTBOL1234/XkyGvu8hCE/155849

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/1TF9GcD/Multipremier.png" group-title="Cine",Multipremier
http://l3d.us:8080/EEUUFUTBOL1234/XkyGvu8hCE/201151

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/2g5d424/Star-Series.png" group-title="Cine",Star Series
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=139&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/2g5d424/Star-Series.png" group-title="Cine",Star Series HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/2102

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/2g5d424/Star-Series.png" group-title="Cine",Star Series FHD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/383

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/0Mfw5Sb/Star-Fun.png" group-title="Cine",Star Fun FHD
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=1724&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/s921wYW/Star-Cinema.png" group-title="Cine",Star Cinema
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=1729&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/s921wYW/Star-Cinema.png" group-title="Cine",Star Cinema HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/455

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/g3kmJGq/Star-Action.png" group-title="Cine",Star Action
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=336&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/g3kmJGq/Star-Action.png" group-title="Cine",Star Action HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/453

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/zJSk0Sj/Star-Comedy.png" group-title="Cine",Star Comedy FHD
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=1725&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/zJSk0Sj/Star-Comedy.png" group-title="Cine",Star Comedy HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1772

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/p10pXK0/Star-Hits.png" group-title="Cine",Star Hits
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=146&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/p10pXK0/Star-Hits.png" group-title="Cine",Star Hits FHD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/384

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/mSgy2py/Star-Classics.png" group-title="Cine",Star Classics
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=1732&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/mSgy2py/Star-Classics.png" group-title="Cine",Star Classics HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/2434

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/mSgy2py/Star-Classics.png" group-title="Cine",Star Classics FHD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/456

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/Fs8z780/HBO2.png" group-title="Cine",HBO 2 FHD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/362

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/Fs8z780/HBO2.png" group-title="Cine",HBO 2 HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1781

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/Fs8z780/HBO2.png" group-title="Cine",HBO 2 HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/2109

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/FHT9VJJ/HBO.png" group-title="Cine",HBO
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/361

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/FHT9VJJ/HBO.png" group-title="Cine",HBO FHD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/380

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/FHT9VJJ/HBO.png" group-title="Cine",HBO FHD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1780

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/C9jCC1V/HBO-Plus.png" group-title="Cine",HBO Plus FHD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/330

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/C9jCC1V/HBO-Plus.png" group-title="Cine",HBO Plus FHD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1782

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/C9jCC1V/HBO-Plus.png" group-title="Cine",HBO Plus
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/2408

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/27c4nFR/HBO-Family.png" group-title="Cine",HBO Family FHD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/381

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/FmzczTT/HBO-Signature.png" group-title="Cine",HBO Signature
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/331

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/FmzczTT/HBO-Signature.png" group-title="Cine",HBO Signature HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1783

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/RyS2jKS/HBO-MUNDI.png" group-title="Cine",HBO Mundi HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1786

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/RyS2jKS/HBO-MUNDI.png" group-title="Cine",HBO Mundi HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/2405

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/TWRxCHT/HBO-POP.png" group-title="Cine",HBO Pop HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/364

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/TWRxCHT/HBO-POP.png" group-title="Cine",HBO Pop FHD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1785

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/TWRxCHT/HBO-POP.png" group-title="Cine",HBO Pop FHD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/2168

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/qswp4FN/HBO-XTREME.png" group-title="Cine",HBO Xtreme HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/345

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/qswp4FN/HBO-XTREME.png" group-title="Cine",HBO Xtreme FHD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/363

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/qswp4FN/HBO-XTREME.png" group-title="Cine",HBO Xtreme FHD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1787

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/qswp4FN/HBO-XTREME.png" group-title="Cine",HBO Xtreme FHD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/2111

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/vYGGDLK/Golden-Premier.png" group-title="Cine",Golden Premier FHD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/343

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/vYGGDLK/Golden-Premier.png" group-title="Cine",Golden Premier 2 FHD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/387

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/Qpqcp3s/Morbido-TV.png" group-title="Cine",Morbido TV
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=140&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/jkyX3Fy/TUDN.png" group-title="Deportes",TUDN FHD
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=1049&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/jkyX3Fy/TUDN.png" group-title="Deportes",TUDN HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1873

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/jkyX3Fy/TUDN.png" group-title="Deportes",TUDN HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/507

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/jkyX3Fy/TUDN.png" group-title="Deportes",TUDN HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1954

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/jkyX3Fy/TUDN.png" group-title="Deportes",TUDN USA
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1874

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/jkyX3Fy/TUDN.png" group-title="Deportes",TUDN USA HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/2073

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/qYwRMR4/Afizzionados.png" group-title="Deportes",Afizzionados
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/500

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/df3zgFy/ESPN-Extra.png" group-title="Deportes",ESPN Extra
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=167&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/df3zgFy/ESPN-Extra.png" group-title="Deportes",ESPN Extra FHD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1923

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/hLCQD0X/ESPN.png" group-title="Deportes",ESPN
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=169&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/hLCQD0X/ESPN.png" group-title="Deportes",ESPN HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1886

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/hLCQD0X/ESPN.png" group-title="Deportes",ESPN HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1895

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/hLCQD0X/ESPN.png" group-title="Deportes",ESPN Panama HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/465

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/hLCQD0X/ESPN.png" group-title="Deportes",ESPN Panama HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/2151

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/rk2F01D/ESPN-2.png" group-title="Deportes",ESPN 2
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=168&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/rk2F01D/ESPN-2.png" group-title="Deportes",ESPN 2 HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1934

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/rk2F01D/ESPN-2.png" group-title="Deportes",ESPN 2 FHD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1896

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/rk2F01D/ESPN-2.png" group-title="Deportes",ESPN 2 FHD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1925

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/1ZhHvJ9/ESPN-3.png" group-title="Deportes",ESPN 3
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=345&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/1ZhHvJ9/ESPN-3.png" group-title="Deportes",ESPN 3 HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1455

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/1ZhHvJ9/ESPN-3.png" group-title="Deportes",ESPN 3 HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1456

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/1ZhHvJ9/ESPN-3.png" group-title="Deportes",ESPN 3 HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1922

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/1ZhHvJ9/ESPN-3.png" group-title="Deportes",ESPN 3 HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1935

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/1ZhHvJ9/ESPN-3.png" group-title="Deportes",ESPN 3 HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/2153

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/1ZhHvJ9/ESPN-3.png" group-title="Deportes",ESPN 3 FHD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1897

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/1ZhHvJ9/ESPN-3.png" group-title="Deportes",ESPN 3 FHD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/464

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/XFfPKxP/Fox-Sports.png" group-title="Deportes",Fox Sports
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=170&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/BjWZXKp/Fox-Sports-2.png" group-title="Deportes",Fox Sports 2
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=172&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/BjWZXKp/Fox-Sports-2.png" group-title="Deportes",Fox Sports 2 HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1459

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/BjWZXKp/Fox-Sports-2.png" group-title="Deportes",Fox Sports 2 HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1881

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/BjWZXKp/Fox-Sports-2.png" group-title="Deportes",Fox Sports 2 HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1882

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/BjWZXKp/Fox-Sports-2.png" group-title="Deportes",Fox Sports 2 HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/2392

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/F8Wnx3N/Fox-Sports-3.png" group-title="Deportes",Fox Sports 3
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=178&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/F8Wnx3N/Fox-Sports-3.png" group-title="Deportes",Fox Sports 3 HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1928

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/SB3SPKF/Claro-Sports.png" group-title="Deportes",Claro Sports FHD
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=2564&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/VmJ7vGP/TVC-Deportes.png" group-title="Deportes",TVC Deportes
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=2157&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/MhrCKgy/AYM-Sports.png" group-title="Deportes",Aym Sports
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=180&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/R4vx70q/Adrenalina-Sports.png" group-title="Deportes",Adrenalina Sports Network FHD
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=1799&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/NVtqqLk/ESPN-Sur.png" group-title="Deportes",ESPN Sur
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1920

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/NVtqqLk/ESPN-Sur.png" group-title="Deportes",ESPN Sur HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1527

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/NVtqqLk/ESPN-Sur.png" group-title="Deportes",ESPN Sur HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1887

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/NVtqqLk/ESPN-Sur.png" group-title="Deportes",ESPN Sur HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1888

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/NVtqqLk/ESPN-Sur.png" group-title="Deportes",ESPN Sur HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1933

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/NVtqqLk/ESPN-Sur.png" group-title="Deportes",ESPN Sur FHD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1457

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/NVtqqLk/ESPN-Sur.png" group-title="Deportes",ESPN Sur FHD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/2092

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/r0MvYLn/ESPN-2-Sur.png" group-title="Deportes",ESPN 2 Sur HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1889

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/r0MvYLn/ESPN-2-Sur.png" group-title="Deportes",ESPN 2 Sur HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1891

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/r0MvYLn/ESPN-2-Sur.png" group-title="Deportes",ESPN 2 Sur HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/2093

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/r0MvYLn/ESPN-2-Sur.png" group-title="Deportes",ESPN 2 Sur FHD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1890

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/1Zj1N94/ESPN-3-Sur.png" group-title="Deportes",ESPN 3 Sur HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1893

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/1Zj1N94/ESPN-3-Sur.png" group-title="Deportes",ESPN 3 Sur HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1894

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/XFfPKxP/Fox-Sports.png" group-title="Deportes",Fox Sports Sur HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1876

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/XFfPKxP/Fox-Sports.png" group-title="Deportes",Fox Sports Sur HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1879

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/XFfPKxP/Fox-Sports.png" group-title="Deportes",Fox Sports 1 Sur FHD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1877

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/XFfPKxP/Fox-Sports.png" group-title="Deportes",Fox Sports 1 Sur FHD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1938

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/BjWZXKp/Fox-Sports-2.png" group-title="Deportes",Fox Sports 2 Sur HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1880

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/F8Wnx3N/Fox-Sports-3.png" group-title="Deportes",Fox Sports 3 Sur HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1883

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/F8Wnx3N/Fox-Sports-3.png" group-title="Deportes",Fox Sports 3 Sur HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1937

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/SVcns52/ESPN-Deportes.png" group-title="Deportes",ESPN Deportes HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1919

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/9gfnyP6/Fox-Deportes.png" group-title="Deportes",Fox Deportes

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/JcJ3PxF/bei-N-Sports.png" group-title="Deportes",bein Sports ñ FHD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/348

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/JcJ3PxF/bei-N-Sports.png" group-title="Deportes",bein Sports ñ FHD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1868

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Deportes",beiN Sports HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1916

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Deportes",beiN Sports La Liga FHD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1918

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Deportes",beiN Sports Xtra FHD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1931

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/68CHYfF/Direc-TV-Sports.png" group-title="Deportes",Directv Sports Plus
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/2370

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/68CHYfF/Direc-TV-Sports.png" group-title="Deportes",Directv Sports Plus HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/2464

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/qxhkqMq/Direc-TV-Sports.png" group-title="Deportes",DirecTV Sports HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1904

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/qxhkqMq/Direc-TV-Sports.png" group-title="Deportes",DirecTV Sports HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1905

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/qxhkqMq/Direc-TV-Sports.png" group-title="Deportes",DirecTV Sports HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1939

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/qxhkqMq/Direc-TV-Sports.png" group-title="Deportes",DirecTV Sports HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1941

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/qxhkqMq/Direc-TV-Sports.png" group-title="Deportes",DirecTV Sports HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/2462

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/qxhkqMq/Direc-TV-Sports.png" group-title="Deportes",DirecTV Sports Ecuador HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1942

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/19PyJkn/Direc-TV-Sports-2.png" group-title="Deportes",DirecTV Sports 2 HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1940

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/19PyJkn/Direc-TV-Sports-2.png" group-title="Deportes",DirecTV Sports 2 HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/2369

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/19PyJkn/Direc-TV-Sports-2.png" group-title="Deportes",DirecTV Sports 2 HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/2463

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/M1YDp7h/Fox-Sports-Premium.png" group-title="Deportes",Fox Sports Premium FHD HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1950

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/M1YDp7h/Fox-Sports-Premium.png" group-title="Deportes",Fox Sports Premium FHD FHD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/357

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/M1YDp7h/Fox-Sports-Premium.png" group-title="Deportes",Fox Sports Premium FHD FHD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1884

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/jkyX3Fy/TUDN.png" group-title="Deportes",TUDN XTRA
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/506

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/qsm3zTp/WWE-Network.png" group-title="Deportes",WWE Network HD
http://latvonlive.com:33612/live/Doris/Doris123/749.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Deportes",SKY Liga España HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1956

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Deportes",SKY Liga Inglesa HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1957

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/5vyNsq3/Univision.png" group-title="USA",Univision HD
http://latvonlive.com:33612/live/Doris/Doris123/224.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/D1djT72/UniMas.png" group-title="USA",Unimas HD
http://latvonlive.com:33612/live/Doris/Doris123/225.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/3z7h8cj/Galavision.png" group-title="USA",Galavision HD
http://latvonlive.com:33612/live/Doris/Doris123/231.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/f1GbRDx/Telemundo.png" group-title="USA",Telemundo
http://latvonlive.com:33612/live/Doris/Doris123/952.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/Nps4BB1/Universo.png" group-title="USA",Universo FHD
http://latvonlive.com:33612/live/Doris/Doris123/226.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/10zTFPs/Estrella-TV.png" group-title="USA",Estrella TV HD
http://latvonlive.com:33612/live/Doris/Doris123/904.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/YhBzWk3/MTV.png" group-title="Musica",MTV
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=212&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/YhBzWk3/MTV.png" group-title="Musica",MTV HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/470

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/6mB5WHX/MTV-80s.png" group-title="Musica",MTV 80s
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=214&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/DMB8cb0/MTV-00s.png" group-title="Musica",MTV 00s
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=217&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/DMB8cb0/MTV-00s.png" group-title="Musica",MTV 00s FHD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/469

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Musica",Telehit
http://latvonlive.com:33612/live/Doris/Doris123/227.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/GPMcCLf/Telehit-Musica.png" group-title="Musica",Telehit Musica
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=218&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/GPMcCLf/Telehit-Musica.png" group-title="Musica",Telehit Musica HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/1992

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/cbJv4Y0/Telehit-Musica-Plus.png" group-title="Musica",Telehit Musica Plus
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=220&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/cbJv4Y0/Telehit-Musica-Plus.png" group-title="Musica",Telehit Musica Plus HD
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/468

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/gd1hF6J/Bandamax.png" group-title="Musica",Bandamax
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=221&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/gd1hF6J/Bandamax.png" group-title="Musica",Bandamax
http://gratuita.mrzutv.net:8080/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJK545155151HSDKJFHKSAJsdfvfvfvfvDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFH/LFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADFJKHASJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSAJKDFHKJASHDFJKHSDFKJHSKJDFHSKAJDFHKJSHDFKJASHDFJKHASKDJFHLFDJKLSDFKLHSDKLHFJKSHDFJKHSDKJFHKSAJDHFKJASHDFKJHAKSJDFHJKASHDFKJAHSDKJFHKAJSHDFKJSHADF/374

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/RDCck3g/MTV-Live.png" group-title="Musica",MTV Live
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=211&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/DY3117w/MTV-Hits.png" group-title="Musica",MTV Hits
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=213&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/MSQkN9p/Exa-TV.png" group-title="Musica",Exa TV
http://ui.mrzutv.net:8080/menjivr503/dWUxhAaR0m/16701


#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Musica",htv
http://latvonlive.com:33612/live/Doris/Doris123/556.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1,TUDN XTRA 1
http://192.99.46.43:25461/ewrewrwfffweb/30131033/1518.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1,TUDN XTRA 2
http://192.99.46.43:25461/ewrewrwfffweb/30131033/1528.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1,TUDN XTRA 3
http://192.99.46.43:25461/ewrewrwfffweb/30131033/1527.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1,TUDN XTRA 4
http://192.99.46.43:25461/ewrewrwfffweb/30131033/1526.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1,TUDN XTRA 5
http://192.99.46.43:25461/ewrewrwfffweb/30131033/1525.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1,TUDN XTRA 6
http://192.99.46.43:25461/ewrewrwfffweb/30131033/1524.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1,TUDN XTRA 7
http://192.99.46.43:25461/ewrewrwfffweb/30131033/1523.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1,TUDN XTRA 8
http://192.99.46.43:25461/ewrewrwfffweb/30131033/1522.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1,TUDN XTRA 9
http://192.99.46.43:25461/ewrewrwfffweb/30131033/1521.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1,TUDN XTRA 10
http://192.99.46.43:25461/ewrewrwfffweb/30131033/1520.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1,TUDN XTRA 11
http://192.99.46.43:25461/ewrewrwfffweb/30131033/1519.m3u8



#EXTM3U


#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/kJxXRpd/Azteca-Uno.png" group-title="HD",Azteca Uno HD
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=7&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/Kr4GJwJ/Las-Estrellas.png" group-title="HD",Las Estrellas HD
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=1768&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/LkZDcXG/Imagen-TV.png" group-title="HD",Imagen Television HD
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=2606&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/H2WdQsF/ForoTV.png" group-title="HD",ForoTV HD
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=4&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/h7h2HYg/Canal-5.png" group-title="HD",Canal 5 HD
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=1769&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/vxZgT8t/Canal-6.png" group-title="HD",Multimedios Television
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=2882&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/LZhPCps/Azteca-7.png" group-title="HD",Azteca 7 HD
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=317&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/5BGBpQr/MVS-TV.png" group-title="HD",MVS TV
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=2149&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/q5Sg3jx/Nu9ve.png" group-title="HD",Nu9ve HD
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=1786&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/27Z4Q0M/Canal-Once.png" group-title="HD",Canal Once HD
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=1942&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/6y5qjB4/adn40.png" group-title="HD",Adn 40 HD
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=184&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/L9xN0MB/Clic.png" group-title="HD",Az Clic HD
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=11&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/ydKjRGJ/Corazon.png" group-title="HD",Az Corazon HD
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=453&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/DM4fxGB/Star-Channel.png" group-title="HD",Star Channel FHD
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=201&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/DM4fxGB/Star-Channel.png" group-title="HD",Star Channel HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_68.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/DM4fxGB/Star-Channel.png" group-title="HD",Star Channel HD Sur
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_59.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/ZcfRT0G/Sony-Channel.png" group-title="HD",Sony Channel Sur HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_125.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/ZY90v33/Unicable.png" group-title="HD",Unicable HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_139.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/C01L2BB/Warner-Channel.png" group-title="HD",Warner Channel HD
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=205&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/C01L2BB/Warner-Channel.png" group-title="HD",Warner Channel Sur HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_144.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/KVC50vC/E.png" group-title="HD",E!
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_51.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/L0T9KG7/FX.png" group-title="HD",FX HD
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=209&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/L0T9KG7/FX.png" group-title="HD",FX HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_82.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/L0T9KG7/FX.png" group-title="HD",FX Sur HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_81.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/w720rvL/Universal-TV.png" group-title="HD",Universal Tv HD
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=207&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/w720rvL/Universal-TV.png" group-title="HD",Universal Tv HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_140.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/pPcG25q/SyFy.png" group-title="Entretenimiento",SyFy HD
http://tg5.altgtpt21.club:8008/m_129.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/j5JTGbf/Discovery-ID.png" group-title="HD",,ID Discovery HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_100.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/6tpD4ML/TLC-Discovery.png" group-title="HD",TLC Discovery HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_133.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/PWWtpBX/AXN.png" group-title="HD",AXN HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_7.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/wR3GZfk/Discovery-home-and-health.png" group-title="HD",H&H Discovery
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_40.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/wR3GZfk/Discovery-home-and-health.png" group-title="HD",HOLA TV HD
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=219&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/wR3GZfk/Discovery-home-and-health.png" group-title="HD",HOLA TV HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_98.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/1nKN7Rt/Tlnovelas.png" group-title="HD",TlNovelas HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_232.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/HBmqnvf/TNT-Series.png" group-title="HD",TNT Series HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_134.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/y0R6fC5/El-Gourmet.png" group-title="HD",EL Gourmet HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_52.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/pQbx4ch/MasChic.png" group-title="HD",MASCHIC HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_103.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/tptVWGP/TBS.png" group-title="HD",TBS HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_130.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/9G9tmw2/Glitz.png" group-title="HD",GLITZ HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_85.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/GkNYwDG/Star-Life.png" group-title="HD",Star Life HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_72.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/GkNYwDG/Star-Life.png" group-title="HD",Star Life Sur HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_71.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/TPTNvYb/TruTV.png" group-title="HD",TruTv HD
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=215&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/TPTNvYb/TruTV.png" group-title="HD",TruTv HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_136.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="HD",Canal Claro HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_17.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/gmk4GHQ/Discovery-Channel.png" group-title="HD",Discovery Channel HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_39.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/W0nMMmk/Discovery-Turbo.png" group-title="HD",Discovery Turbo HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_44.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/c8y7cRL/Animal-Planet.png" group-title="HD",Animal Planet HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_4.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/g79QmLw/History.png" group-title="HD",History HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_96.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/LSpC5H0/Natgeo.png" group-title="HD",Natgeo
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_111.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/LSpC5H0/Natgeo.png" group-title="HD",NatGeo
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_114.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/jDb9Cbc/Lifetime.png" group-title="HD",Lifetime HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_102.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/ZYXtDwM/Discovery-Theater.png" group-title="HD",Discovery Theater HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_43.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/8B26Tv3/Natgeo-Wild.png" group-title="HD",NatGeo Wild HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_115.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/8B26Tv3/Natgeo-Wild.png" group-title="HD",NatGeo Wild HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_116.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/Tk9GTWF/Discovery-Science.png" group-title="HD",Discovery Science HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_42.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/bJfcXW4/Discovery-Civilization.png" group-title="HD",Discovery Civilization HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_233.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/2Y49zxb/Discovery-World.png" group-title="HD",Discovery World HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_45.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/nmSbNSM/Discovery-Kids.png" group-title="HD",Discovery Kids Sur HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_41.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/BnNwY2J/Nick.png" group-title="HD",Nick Sur HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_117.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/hXS2pmS/Disney-XD.png" group-title="HD",Disney XD Sur HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_48.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/hXgdLpK/Cartoon-Network.png" group-title="HD",Cartoon Network Sur HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_20.m3u8



#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/6vvB5g3/Disney-Channel.png" group-title="HD",Disney Channel Sur HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_46.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/JktZywY/Boomerang.png" group-title="HD",Boomerang Sur HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_14.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/c3WtgZx/Nick-Jr.png" group-title="HD",Nick Jr HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_119.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/02L7nPb/BabyTV.png" group-title="HD",Baby Tv HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_10.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/ZKKkMhW/Nat-Geo-Kids.png" group-title="HD",NatGeo Kids Sur HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_113.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/D4HRckh/Disney-Junior.png" group-title="HD",Disney Junior HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_47.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/M8HrcVT/Tooncast.png" group-title="HD",Tooncast HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_135.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/Wk7bknc/Nick-Music.png" group-title="HD",Nick Music HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_288.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/vj05Qb4/Teen-Nick.png" group-title="HD",Teen Nick 2 HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_118.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/XDcJD4V/De-Pelicula.png" group-title="HD",de pelicula HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_36.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/09X39Hg/Golden-Plus.png" group-title="HD",Golden Plus HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_86.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/x52nNFr/Paramount-Network.png" group-title="HD",Paramount Network HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_120.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 DSUN tvg-logo="https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444:444/TPCOREWeb/MasterImage?mimId=3301" group-title="HD",Sundance TV HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_128.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/5nkg2xs/TNT.png" group-title="HD",TNT HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_159.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/LYqRG8j/Cine-Canal.png" group-title="HD",CineCanal Sur HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_22.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/LJXNzmX/Cinemax.png" group-title="HD",Cinemax HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_25.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/CBSGJtb/Space.png" group-title="HD",Space HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_126.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/Nyy8bKZ/AMC.png" group-title="HD",AMC HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_3.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/sFK3wNB/Studio-Universal.png" group-title="HD",Studio Universal HD
https://totalgo.totalplay.com.mx:444/TPMCOREWeb/LiveAdaptive?v=N&session=rbnguvrzud60mi5&lchId=1982&format=HLSAD&f=.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/sFK3wNB/Studio-Universal.png" group-title="HD",Studio Universal Sur HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_127.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/WWGFCK4/TCM.png" group-title="HD",TCM HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_131.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/bHtZLCc/ISAT.png" group-title="HD",ISat
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_101.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/dLHW7Y4/FXM.png" group-title="HD",FXM HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_84.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/dLHW7Y4/FXM.png" group-title="HD",FXM Sur HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_83.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/yBkTJWF/DHE.png" group-title="HD",DHE HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_37.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/YZypqTz/Cine-Latino.png" group-title="HD",Cine Latino HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_21.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/1TF9GcD/Multipremier.png" group-title="HD",Multipremier HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_110.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/2g5d424/Star-Series.png" group-title="HD",Star Series HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_69.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/2g5d424/Star-Series.png" group-title="HD",Star Series Sub HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_70.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/0Mfw5Sb/Star-Fun.png" group-title="HD",Star Family HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_66.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/s921wYW/Star-Cinema.png" group-title="HD",Star Cinema HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_62.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/s921wYW/Star-Cinema.png" group-title="HD",Star Cinema Sub HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_63.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/g3kmJGq/Star-Action.png" group-title="HD",Star Action HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_60.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/g3kmJGq/Star-Action.png" group-title="HD",Star Action Sub HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_61.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/zJSk0Sj/Star-Comedy.png" group-title="HD",Star Comedy HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_65.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/p10pXK0/Star-Hits.png" group-title="HD",Star Hits HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_67.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/mSgy2py/Star-Classics.png" group-title="HD",Star Classics HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_64.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/Fs8z780/HBO2.png" group-title="HD",HBO 2 HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_91.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/FHT9VJJ/HBO.png" group-title="HD",HBO HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_90.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/FHT9VJJ/HBO.png" group-title="HD",HBO Sub HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_95.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/C9jCC1V/HBO-Plus.png" group-title="HD",HBO Plus HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_93.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/27c4nFR/HBO-Family.png" group-title="HD",HBO Family HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_92.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/FmzczTT/HBO-Signature.png" group-title="HD",HBO Signature HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_94.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/RyS2jKS/HBO-MUNDI.png" group-title="HD",HBO MUNDI HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_104.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/TWRxCHT/HBO-POP.png" group-title="HD",HBO POP
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_106.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/qswp4FN/HBO-XTREME.png" group-title="HD",HBO XTREME HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_105.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/7VXHm4Q/Golden-Premier.png" group-title="HD",Golden Premier HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_87.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/NVtqqLk/ESPN-Sur.png" group-title="HD",ESPN Sur HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_56.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/rk2F01D/ESPN-2.png" group-title="HD",ESPN 2 Sur HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_53.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/1ZhHvJ9/ESPN-3.png" group-title="HD",ESPN 3 Sur HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_54.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/XFfPKxP/Fox-Sports.png" group-title="HD",Fox Sports HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_74.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/BjWZXKp/Fox-Sports-2.png" group-title="HD",Fox Sports 2 HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_76.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/F8Wnx3N/Fox-Sports-3.png" group-title="HD",Fox Sports 3 HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_78.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/F8Wnx3N/Fox-Sports-3.png" group-title="HD",Fox Sports Sur HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_75.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/BjWZXKp/Fox-Sports-2.png" group-title="HD",Fox Sports 2 Sur HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_77.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/F8Wnx3N/Fox-Sports-3.png" group-title="HD",Fox Sports 3 Sur HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_79.m3u8
 
#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/YhBzWk3/MTV.png" group-title="HD",MTV HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_107.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/6mB5WHX/MTV-80s.png" group-title="HD",MTV 80s HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_142.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/DMB8cb0/MTV-00s.png" group-title="HD",VH1 HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_141.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/DMB8cb0/MTV-00s.png" group-title="HD",VH1 HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_143.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/RDCck3g/MTV-Live.png" group-title="HD",MTV Live HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_109.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=magna.h45/2.3 (Linux;Android 10) ExoPlayerLib/2.8.4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/DY3117w/MTV-Hits.png" group-title="HD",MTV Hits HD
http://163.172.180.231/1YAOKQOPCRIT09X4BMS2/qts/m_108.m3u8
